In the beginning.
everything feels so alive and...
exciting.
But time makes it predictable.
He doesn’t really
see me anymore.
It’s as if he’s replaced me
with someone else.
I’ve lost those parts
of who I am...
or who I could be.
And... I’m scared
I won’t ever get them back.
Maybe I shouldn’t
be telling you this.
Another 500.000
people have been displaced
by the vast tornado systems
wreaking havoc
on Central and Western Europe.
European leaders
have described the storms
as catastrophic
in scale and power...
The warning period
for severe heat and drought
has been extended again
to nearly 60 million Americans
under the Federal Government’s
Climate Alert System.
Or underlying health conditions
are reminded
to take extra precautions
and remain indoors
when possible.
Hen?
Hen!
You expecting anyone?
What? What is it?
Didn’t hear you come in.
Someone’s here.
Looks official. doesn’t it?
Yeah. could be.
When was the last time
we had a visitor?
He must be lost.
No. I don’t think so.
He must want something.
W... My God.
Hey. whoa...
- Um...
- You been messing with this?
What are you talking about?
- It’s empty. Hen.
Yeah. We never leave it loaded.
What do you mean.
we never leave it loaded?
Just put the gun back!
Put it back.
Or what?
Just put the gun back. OK?
We need to go. Come on.
I can’t do anything
with the gun. It’s empty.
Go.
Hello?
I’m sorry.
I know it’s late.
Is that Henrietta?
- Who’s that?
- Terrance.
Yeah. we don’t know
any Terrance.
Junior?
I think you’ll want to hear
what I have to say.
Both of you.
No.
What’s this about?
I’m here on behalf of OuterMore.
OuterMore?
We’re working on
the climate migration strategy.
Specifically.
Off-Earth habitation.
What is he saying?
I think he means
living in space.
You OK if I came in?
Yeah.
Anybody else in the car?
No.
making these visits is my job.
Hi.
- Do you want to sit down?
- Sure.
OK.
It’s a great place.
Charming.
Rustic.
How old is it?
It’s old.
Couple of hundred years.
Wow.
You just... you just
don’t see this anymore.
Guessing it’s always
been in the family?
Yeah. Yeah. fifth generation.
I love that.
The old ways of living.
Yep.
still a few of us left. so...
But you don’t farm it. do you?
Right. well. this is...
this is very exciting.
but before I say anything.
I’m supposed to show you this.
Now. I’m sure you’ve seen
our previous campaigns.
but this one is special.
Can you see OK?
Yep. Can you see?
We are all so proud of you.
It is so inspiring.
You’re giving us hope
for the planet.
I got chosen.
I’m going to space.
We’re all eternally grateful.
I can’t wait to see
your smiling face soon.
We’ve been working on
the next phase of transition
for a long time.
There’s always been
several possibilities
of human existence in space.
We decided to build our own
space station. our own planet.
Go further.
Be better.
For the planet. For the future.
For all of us.
How will you rise?
Yeah. what... what’s that
got to do with us?
Right. so I’m here
because of the installation.
The first wave
of temporary resettlement.
Yeah. yeah. no. I think
I heard about this shit once.
- You did?
- Looks pretty ridiculous.
I mean. why would you
spend money up there
when you should
be fixing things here?
Well. see.
our motivation is proactive.
to help our children’s children.
Do you have kids?
Could I trouble you
for a glass of water?
Yeah.
I’ll have a beer. yeah.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
It’s hot.
I’m used to air conditioning.
- Right.
- Yeah.
Do you remember a time when
there were farms around here?
With livestock. and crops.
Real farms. no offense.
Yeah. only as a kid. though.
Must have been bought up
or burned.
- Burned?
- Yeah. By the corporations.
They burn all the old farms.
clearing the fields
for their hybrid stuff.
They don’t give a shit.
I noticed all the canola
on the drive on the way in.
I didn’t realize
it grew this time of year.
All year round.
Barely needs water.
Doesn’t seem natural.
It’s not.
Man. you could...
you could do whatever you want
out here.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Yeah. you won’t get
water like that in the city.
- Thanks.
- Yeah. I do love it.
Cheers.
So. I’ve been assigned
to your file.
We have a file?
You didn’t sign us up
for anything. did you?
No.
OK. so this guy just showed up
out of nowhere. right?
Yeah. it’s not my fault...
Wouldn’t be the first
fucking time...
No. it’s true.
No. you didn’t. you didn’t.
Um. but we’ve had
our first lottery.
I’m excited to say
that you’ve made the shortlist.
You’re one step closer
to living up there.
OK...
OK. well.
you’re wasting your time
because we... we haven’t
even been on an airplane.
and she’d... she’d hate it.
So you wouldn’t?
You wouldn’t hate it?
I... I’m just saying
you wouldn’t like flying.
You’ve also never been
on an airplane.
OK. we both don’t fucking like
flying. What’s the big deal?
Alright. I should... I should
clarify. sorry. Um...
I’m talking about you here.
Junior. Only you.
What...?
These tests require
real physical strength.
specific skills.
all of which you have. Junior.
Wait. wait. wait. you’re not
fucking around. right?
No. this is just a warning.
Sorry.
Sorry. warning’s the wrong word.
This is... this is good news.
It’s good news?
And the... the government
knows about this. right?
We are the government.
Our space station
is orbiting Earth as we speak.
And what if... what if
I just say no. right?
If I just refuse.
What happens then?
You do know about conscription?
During the old wars.
if-if you were picked.
you had to go to war.
And if you didn’t. well...
Yeah.
Are you threatening us?
- Junior.
- Is that what’s happening?
- No. no.
Are... are you
threatening us?
We could lose the farm.
Let’s not focus
on the rule of law here. OK?
This operation
could end up being
the biggest public initiative
ever. OK?
You’d be a hero. Junior.
Do you want to live
mundane lives
like everyone else.
or do you want to be part of
something special and unique?
Because that’s what
this is really about.
A chance to be
a better version of yourself.
Sounds pretty good.
Listen. it’s time to move on.
Soon. most of us
won’t be able to live here.
Our planet was marvelous -
is marvelous -
but it’s given us all it can.
No. it didn’t give us anything.
We stole it.
How long’s the shortlist?
I can’t reveal that.
- Wait...
But what I can tell you is
that nothing will be decided
for a couple of years.
A couple of years?
Yeah. sadly. these tests
will run in two-year cycles.
Right. so you expect us
to just go on living
like everything’s normal?
Yes. Because it is.
Nothing’s been decided yet.
You look after that
wee Henrietta for me.
These kinds of things
can be upsetting.
Yeah.
Really?
Are you just gonna
go to sleep after that?
Sorry.
Can we talk tomorrow?
I’m not feeling well.
No. we should
talk about this now.
Do you think you could sleep
in the guest room tonight?
I just don’t want you
to catch anything.
Since when has that mattered?
I’d rather be alone.
You’re serious. You want me
to sleep in the guest room?
Please.
How did you know?
How did I know what?
Before he got... Hen.
Before he got out. you said.
"He must want something."
How did you know it was a man?
I don’t know.
is that what I said?
- Yeah. when the car pulled up.
- I don’t know.
It wasn’t intentional.
I mean. if I said it. it was
probably without thinking.
Listen. I’m exhausted.
and if it’s OK.
I just want to go to sleep...
When you said it.
it was so certain. so...
OK. well. name one woman
that would drive up here
at night. alone?
The way he was looking at you...
Why are you pushing me?
OK.
Could you shut the door?
Sure.
Wow.
Just beautiful!
Fuck me.
Fuck.
You know we won’t see him again.
They’re not actually interested
in someone like me.
What have I got to offer?
You might be surprised.
- Do me a favor?
- What?
Stop wearing that shirt.
Why? I like this shirt.
You were wearing it
the day we met.
And the more you wear it.
the more worn out it’ll get.
So. what else do you remember
about that day?
We were happy.
I miss you.
Do you still like living here?
Why?
Do you feel happy here?
Of course I’m happy here.
Aren’t you?
What am I to you?
You know. if this is
about me leaving.
if you’re worried about that...
No it’s not. it’s not.
It’s about us.
- Us?
- Yeah.
Did you have any questions
when we got married?
There shouldn’t be questions.
We all have questions.
Well. not when
you take your vows.
So in seven years.
you’ve never felt any doubt?
Never.
Getting married straight out
of school doesn’t worry you.
- when you’re still a teenager?
- We weren’t school friends.
And we’re different.
We met at the right time.
Sorry I’ve been distant.
It’s OK.
What do you think about more.
the past or the future?
What?
- Jesus. what is this?
- Sorry.
I don’t mean to pepper you
with questions like this
first thing in the morning.
but I really want to know.
OK.
I think...
we need a bigger bed.
I was asking you
a serious question.
I know.
You’re not taking me seriously.
- I’m sorry.
- No. you’re not.
No. I’m not.
OK. I’m sorry. babe.
Yeah.
Coo-ee!
To get the best understanding
of life up there.
the selected group
needs to be random.
All walks of life.
OK. so pick someone else. Terrance.
People like us
don’t belong in space.
But that’s the whole point.
At some stage. all of us
may need to go. Permanently.
You’ll receive
handsome compensation.
A thank-you from the government.
Look. you’ve been gifted
a rare opportunity
that for now seems daunting.
But why does the unknown
have to be a burden?
Junior. this is
incredibly rare. OK?
And you’ve been selected.
You’re going to
the installation.
No. no. listen to me. I don’t
like how you just show up here.
and you say all this shit
and you act
like we should be thanking you.
And if it’s such... if it’s such
a fucking great opportunity.
why is it only you
that shows up here?
Where the fuck
is everyone else. Terrance?
Would it help
if there were more people
scurrying around your house
and property?
What’s in your bags?
I thought
I’d drop some things off.
I’ll have to stay.
now that it’s official.
Here? You’re staying here?
If you recall
from my last visit. Hen...
I thought we still
had longer together. Terrance.
It was all
explained in the paperwork.
I assume there’s a guest room?
This is bullshit.
- Why?
There are
a series of steps to complete.
Observations. data to collect...
When does he leave?
Couple of weeks.
Why?
This next stage
is going to go fast.
Look. I’ll stay nearby for now.
Give you guys
a little more alone time.
Come here. come here.
Shh. Shh. shh.
It’s OK. baby.
It’s OK. Shh.
Shh. shh.
Come on.
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey. these are mine!
Yeah. well. you never wear ’em.
and they stink.
Well. I hate breaking in
new gloves. so...
This is why
we have so much stuff.
because you can’t let go.
Of anything.
What do...
what do you mean by that?
It means that all of this
is just shit.
It’s stuff from your past.
not ours.
OK. and if you start
throwing things out randomly...
Stop it. OK?
I... I need this stuff.
Your face is flushed.
- Well...
I... Hen. I just...
Listen. I just wish that
you wouldn’t get like this.
especially tonight.
Why? What’s so special
about tonight?
Because it’s our last chance
to be alone.
God. yeah. and I guess you
just wanted a quiet night in?
- Just like the old days? Yeah?
- OK.
we haven’t even talked about
me leaving and you’re acting
like this is no big deal.
like it’s not even happening.
- Give me that!
- Fucking talk to me!
This is happening faster
than I was expecting it to.
And now he’s coming to stay.
OK. well... so why are you
cleaning the fucking house?
Just give me the...! I don’t
want you stressing over him.
- I’m not stressing.
- OK. then. what is it?
What is it? Look at me.
Look at me.
I’m really worried about you.
OK?
Hey.
Hen? I’m going away for years.
OK? It’s not days.
I’m worried
about leaving you here alone.
You don’t have to
worry about that. Junior.
- Fuck!
- What?
That. In there.
I’ve never seen one like it.
They’re getting bigger. God.
I hope it’s not an infestation.
They’ll get into the walls.
Christ. that’s all I need.
It’s only one.
Well. one is too many.
I’m checking our room for more.
Hey.
Hey. little guy.
Junior.
What is it?
You’re staring.
Don’t...
It’s OK. I’ll take care of it.
Why aren’t you moving?
Here you go.
What are you doing here?
What’s wrong?
I...
I started thinking
about leaving.
The things I’ll miss.
things that aren’t obvious.
Maybe we should talk
about this outside...
No. no. no. just like
stupid little things like...
Like how by the sound
of the floor creaking.
I know that
it’s your steps upstairs.
And nobody
could ever recognize that.
It feels like
a secret between us.
It’s...
I’ll miss hearing those steps.
Hey. Junior.
- What?
Can we just
talk about this tonight?
- You know we need this job.
- No. let’s just be together.
Like right now.
None of this matters.
Strange. how dying
can still be beautiful.
Are you afraid of dying?
Maybe of not being ready.
Have you ever thought.
what if we’re not actually...
looking up at the sky?
What if we’re actually
looking down?
The sky below us.
Try. Think about it.
- See?
- Yeah.
Give me my pants!
Whoo-oo!
Hen. I’m serious.
Wha-hey!
Why don’t we just disappear?
Get out of here?
Hello. Hi.
Look at you.
I’m not gonna hurt you.
Come here.
It’s OK. Good boy.
What happened to you. hey?
Where did you come from?
It’s OK.
There you go. See? Good boy.
Junior?
Junior!
Shit. Junior!
Junior! Fuck.
Junior!
Stop!
Where are you going?
Junior!
No! Fuck off! No!
Don’t hurt him.
It’s not his fault!
- Hey...
- Are you OK?
Hey. Hey. hey. hey. Hey.
Did they hurt you?
- Who?
- Are you hurt?
- I’m OK.
- There were men and...
- No. no. no. no.
- You... you were screaming.
No. they were just
burning an old barn.
You’re confused.
You hurt yourself.
But you’re gonna be OK.
You’re lucky.
- No. we...
We need to tell someone
about what’s happening.
Tell them what? Tell them what?
You had an accident. that’s all.
No. no. no.
we’re in danger. baby. OK?
Junior. Junior.
You’re the one
that ran into the fire.
Why would you do that?
- What do you mean?
- What... what was in the fire?
I hope this wasn’t done intentionally.
You. you think
I did this on purpose?
Well. an injury won’t change
anything. You know that. right?
I can’t feel
this side of my body.
That’s the anesthetic.
It’ll wear off soon.
But you won’t be able
to use that arm much
for a while. though.
and you have to get used
to that recliner of yours.
Why?
Well. you can’t sleep
lying down.
You can recline to
about 45 degrees but that’s it.
What do you mean.
I can’t sleep lying down?
The doctor did
a minor procedure and...
A procedure? What doctor?
She operated on your
injured shoulder. the tendon.
It went very well. but she’d
like to leave it covered.
Here. You gotta take these.
Jacqueline du Pre.
"A musician of nature
with an unerring instinct."
That’s how her husband
described her.
I know this hasn’t been easy
on either of you.
But soon.
all of this will be behind us.
So I would like to congratulate
you on making it this far.
South of France.
The real thing.
Why are you following me?
I’m keeping you safe.
both of you. It’s crucial.
Both of us? What...?
We’re taking Junior away.
You’ve never been all alone
out here before.
Yeah. so?
Could be a real strain on her.
On your marriage.
You’re the one
that’s forcing me to leave her.
Well. so we have to do
what’s moral.
And what do you consider
to be moral?
We’re going to replace you.
What. me?
We’re going to ensure Hen
has company while you’re away.
No. fuck off. There’s no
fucking way that’s happening.
What. do you really want
to leave her here all alone?
Day after day?
Night after night?
She can handle herself. Terrance.
Sorry. why doesn’t anybody
ask me how I feel about it?
Cos I’m right fucking here.
- Calm down.
No. no. no.
you fucking calm down.
Hear me out. OK?
It’s not another man.
We’re developing
a biological replacement.
My God.
What the fuck
is he talking about?
In the old days.
you would have left Hen with
a two-dimensional photo
of yourself.
This is the next step. OK?
A dynamic copy of you.
with living tissue.
- volume and a body.
- I don’t want a fucking robot
living with my wife.
It’s not a robot. OK?
It’s a new kind
of self-determining life form.
The first to live in a domestic
setting as freely as you do.
You’ll see.
It’s going to be astonishing.
There’s a series
of interviews. OK?
No detail is inconsequential.
Only to observe you
and record your daily routine.
That’s why you’re staying.
- This is fucking insane.
For example. what did you
have for breakfast. my man?
- OK.
- Look.
OuterMore has a duty of care
to those left behind.
You know what my dad
used to get us to do?
- What’s that?
- Test of manhood.
- Don’t be an idiot.
- We’d go outside. stand apart
and we each got one punch
at the other.
You’d punch each other?
Yeah. you ever punch someone?
Can’t say I have.
I guess that’s what being
a man is. though. right?
Hen. I am just having
a conversation.
So would you do
your test of manhood with me?
Now you’re just being dumb.
Fuck.
As air quality continues
to decline worldwide.
an estimated 1 billion children
remain at risk of developing
respiratory disease.
According to the UN.
820 million children
have experienced
prolonged mega-droughts
and have never seen rain
in their lifetimes.
We now go live
to the Earth Concert stage.
Buzz has been building all day
for this historic performance
of music icons.
Sarita. can you hear me?
Jay. the
energy down here is electric!
An unbelievable line-up.
the likes of which hasn’t been
seen since the Live Aid show
back in the 20th century.
Once again standing up
for what they insist
is the greatest emergency
of this generation.
There is no more time left
for talk and debate
but to offset the centuries
of exploitation and neglect.
The crowds here are huge and...
Terrance. I don’t care
what you’re planning. OK?
But whatever you bring here.
it won’t be me.
you know.
cos I can’t be replaced.
Nothing wrong
with a growing self-confidence.
Just make sure for your own
sake it never hurts Hen.
Have you ever hurt her?
Fuck!
No hands!
Whoo! Whoo!
Whoo!
Any hook. any chicken.
it doesn’t matter.
I’m glad the pills
are working on your shoulder.
I do feel energized.
Because in the coming days
you will be under
enormous physical
and psychological pressure.
OK. You ready?
Alright.
You have to
get used to these tests.
There are more when you arrive.
some less pleasant than others.
Fuck.
Deep tendon carpal-tunnel
reflex test.
I’m so sorry. It’s done.
- Done at work already?
- Why is he facing the wall?
Hen. you can’t be here.
I think he’s had enough.
You OK?
We agreed.
- Be downstairs.
- Yep.
What the fuck was that?
Yeah. we really need
to make sure she’s OK.
If you notice anything unusual.
or if she’s acting odd.
it’s best you tell me.
- OK.
- If we’re to help her
while you’re away.
your replacement will
need to know what you know.
I need to have an intimate
understanding of your marriage.
the good and the bad.
And anything
you tell me up here.
I promise it’s confidential.
It’s between you and me.
You can handle that. right?
This is more
than saving the farm. Junior.
It’s about ensuring
your marriage survives
while you’re gone.
Have you ever cheated on her?
What?
Hen.
No. definitely not.
You never fantasized
about another woman?
- Come on.
- No. I don’t know. I...
No. I. um...
Has she ever cheated on you?
- Fuck you.
- Has she?
No.
You’re not
basing that on trust. are you?
I’m basing it on what I know.
Do you feel you know
how she would react
in every situation?
Have you ever asked her
the question yourself?
Hen’s not like that.
But you don’t actually believe
you know Hen better
than she knows herself?
- I’m not saying that.
- Look. there are
things about her you don’t know
and will never know. OK?
Thoughts. feelings.
all her years before you.
Listen. mate.
Hey.
Look. she has desires
that existed before you
and exist beyond you.
You can accept that. right?
- No. I...
Hey. Junior.
I suppose you want me to stop.
No. Why?
You usually don’t like it.
You used to tell me not to play.
Sorry?
As long as we move
from day to day.
living the routine
that was established...
that you established...
you’re convinced I’m happy.
Walking the same path
as everyone who came before me.
Your mom.
My mom.
Their moms. Their moms.
I’m starting to worry.
What if the rain never comes?
I never want you to worry.
Yeah. I know.
I’ve never
talked about this stuff before.
- Really?
- Never.
Hen?
I just think having
other living things around...
does something.
Makes you hopeful. I think.
I really miss the trees. though.
Trees. though...
The trees?
Yeah. more of them were
around when I was growing up.
Some were. um...
some were shy.
And then others were
really bold and ancient.
Wise.
You only have to spend time
with them and I just...
I love their personalities
so much.
Personalities?
Junior thinks I’m crazy.
but. I mean. people do.
Dogs do. Cats do.
Why would you draw a line
with trees?
I don’t know.
It’s sad we need proof
to believe in something.
Belief is deceptive.
No. it’s not. It’s...
It’s a feeling
and when you have it.
it is... it’s exhilarating.
Can we talk about the piano?
OK.
Why the basement?
Looks like it hasn’t
been played in years.
He doesn’t like it when I play.
Maybe it’s what’s in the music
that scares him. I don’t know.
What’s in it?
All that’s gone.
Gone?
Affection. Possibility.
Um... curiosity.
That’s... that’s a big one.
He used to love that about me.
Do you think knowing
Junior for as long as you have
has taken that away?
In the beginning.
everything feels so alive and...
exciting.
But time makes it predictable.
He doesn’t really
see me anymore.
It’s as if he’s replaced me
with someone else.
I’ve lost those parts
of who I am...
or who I could be.
And... I’m scared
I won’t ever get them back.
Maybe I shouldn’t
be telling you this.
Why would you
live with that fear?
Don’t deny yourself those parts.
No. I don’t want to anymore.
Good. Good.
I encourage you
to use this opportunity
to act on your instincts.
How real will he look?
Identical.
Will he behave like Junior?
Just like
when you first knew him.
A new beginning.
Maybe.
- I’m just saying.
- Well...
Ready?
Yeah. Go on.
One. two. three. four.
- No.
- No. no. no...
That’s it. man!
I don’t want you two talking
alone together anymore.
Hey. that’s it.
That’s the spirit.
What happened?
- What happened?
- Fuck it.
She didn’t like your dancing?
No.
No. sir.
That’s it. man.
Hold your arm up like this.
You’ve been drinking.
Is there something
bothering you?
- I can feel it in you.
- No.
It’s more like an awakening.
OK.
And how has this awakening
affected Hen?
I sense a little bit
of a strain there. perhaps?
You’re always wondering
how things are between us.
It’s fucking sick. Terrance.
I don’t mind
being wrong about that.
I’m just curious.
- What is that?
It monitors
your hydration levels.
Does she tell you
what she likes?
What’s that?
Your wife. Junior.
Is she open and honest
with her preferences?
- About what?
- Come on. You know.
Fucking.
Is she explicit
about what she likes?
- What did you just say?
- What she needs.
- What?
- Every relationship depends
on open and honest communication.
- Fuck you.
- You know that.
Just relax.
It’s just a conversation.
What the fuck?
You like playing with us.
don’t you?
No. No. I’m...
People fascinate me. OK?
You two fascinate me.
People fascinate me too.
Really?
I watch people sometimes.
See things.
What do you see?
The guys in the lunch room. right?
They bite
hunks of their sandwiches.
meat and bread.
and they...
they grind it together
into some disgusting paste.
And whatever wasn’t swallowed
would just be stuck...
between yellow teeth
and infected gums.
And it’s not just eating.
No.
I’ve seen a co-worker
fall asleep
with his mouth gaping open.
And I felt sick
at the sight of it.
I mean. think about...
earwax and pus and fingernails.
I... I...
I’ve seen guys spit on
the ground and just walk away.
Just walk away and they don’t...
I mean. we’re fucking oblivious
to it most of the time!
We don’t even fucking see it!
But one day...
I... I started to wonder
why that is.
And then one of the guys.
he wipes his fucking nose
with his fucking napkin.
Just balls it up.
drops it on the plate.
full of fucking snot.
And then very slowly...
it just started to unfurl.
All on its own.
As if it wanted to be seen.
And then. I mean.
that’s when I realized
our common seam in each of us
is our own
built-in fucking scum.
Our dirt. Our grease.
Fuck you!
What the hell is going on?!
Hen. everything’s fine!
- Let me in!
- He’s fine!
- It’s OK!
- Junior!
- Stop! He’s fine.
- Let me in. Terrance!
Fucking Terrance.
open the fucking door!
Go downstairs!
He’s fine!
No!
Jeez! Hell!
No.
This is fucking crazy.
What’s a boat without an anchor?
Little Hen.
I’m here.
I was just taking a shower.
It’s OK.
Shhh.
When I get back.
let’s do something.
Go somewhere.
Make a family.
But whatever we decide to do.
let’s decide together. OK?
We’ll be together.
Like we used to be.
Fucking cowards!
Keep a low profile.
Yes.
I’m going
to go upstairs and get going.
When Hen played the piano.
did you like it?
I don’t really remember.
Why are you asking me that?
She said you’re
the reason she doesn’t play.
She told you that?
When you listened to
it. how did it make you feel?
I... I enjoyed it
in the beginning. but...
it changed her.
Changed her?
I didn’t know
who she was when she played.
like she was trying
to be someone else.
That was...
- That was a while ago.
- God.
How does it feel
to listen to that now.
having gone through it?
I’ve always had this fantasy that...
there’s something else
out there for me.
What do you think it would take?
- To leave?
- Yeah.
Courage.
The courage
to let everything go.
Follow what I feel.
Not be scared.
And where would you go?
There are places. There’s...
There’s places with life.
Places with other people.
God. with new people.
With music.
Somewhere that just
doesn’t feel like it’s dying.
And instead of...
trying to explain that to him...
Or to justify it.
I would just do the opposite.
I’d leave a letter.
but it would be blank.
So... so nothing at all?
It would say nothing and
everything at the same time.
You know I can
help you. if you do decide.
I know what he needs.
- I’ll be OK.
Yeah.
You’re a lying piece of shit.
We’re going to
clarify everything.
It’s pretty fucking
obvious. though.
- So. tell me.
- No. this is over. Terrance.
You’re fucking leaving now.
And. baby. we’re gonna talk.
Baby. you’re gonna talk to
me properly. No more bullshit.
What do you think is going on?
No. no. no. no. No more
fucking questions. Terrance.
Hen. this has got to stop. OK?
OK.
Yeah. Yeah. you want my wife.
don’t you?
Yeah? Yeah. you want to keep
her company while I’m gone.
Calm down. Calm down.
You’re fucking sick. Terrance!
Hey. hey. it’s OK.
Junior! Junior. Stop.
Hey. Hey.
It’s not what you think.
Fucking do something.
No!
Hey. I’ve missed you.
It’s so good to be back.
It’s time.
OK.
You coming?
You go.
OK.
No. you fucking calm down...
Fucking Terrance.
open the fucking door!
Holy shit.
It’s so fucking real.
Hen?
I’m sorry.
I know you’re confused.
No. No...
I know how you must be feeling.
but I need you to stay calm.
I’m sorry we had to deceive you.
but it was the only way
to test your full capacity
and function.
It’s critical that
you were lucid enough
to experience the reversal
face-to-face.
This is
not the replacement. Junior.
It’s you.
You’re the replacement.
No.
This...
- No...
This is Hen’s real husband. OK?
No.
No. no. no. that’s bullshit!
- Terrance. where is she?
- She’s safe in the house.
Where is she? Hen? Hen!
Please! Hen. don’t listen
to ’em. OK?
What... I’m not gonna let them
do anything to you. OK?
I’m not going anywhere. baby.
The same day Junior left
to live on the installation.
When our headlights
turned you on...
that was the beginning.
That was the day
your mission started.
You were free to experience
a real. human relationship.
We wanted your
focus to be your present-tense.
but we had to design
your memory.
You’re a fucking liar.
We gave that to you
after spending many months
talking with Junior
before he left.
Hen!
I need to know you’re OK.
I need you here.
I need to hear your voice.
Hen!
Hen?
Your memories are his.
It’s OK.
It’s OK. it’s OK.
I’m here. I’m here.
Baby. Baby.
Terrance is wrong. OK?
Whatever this is.
whatever you’ve done.
it doesn’t matter. OK?
Why?
- I’m sorry.
- No.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
- Sorry.
- I’m so sorry.
I am sorry.
I love you.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- You have to go.
- It’s OK.
- I love you.
- No...
You have to go. baby.
Don’t. Don’t do this.
Please don’t do this.
- No!
- No. no. no. no. no!
No! No. get the fuck off of me!
No. no. baby. please!
- No!
Please! Hen!
Baby! Baby. please!
Shame on you! Shame on you!
You’re going to hell! Fuck you!
Hen. no!
This can never be forgiven!
Get off of me!
No!
No. No!
No! Get off of me!
There were other possibilities
for how this part might go.
We set out to create consciousness.
To validate it
through real human connection.
But we never dreamed Hen
would experience love.
Junior.
Hen had no idea
how this would end.
I never told her.
You’re not real.
But what you have both
shown us here tonight...
is a gift to humanity.
This is my life.
This is our life.
They’re going to be
writing about you for years.
Hen.
Hi.
We’ll go somewhere else.
I’m sorry.
Thank you.
No. I’m fine.
Fuck this gravity shit.
Why?
I was. hoping for loyalty.
Trust.
How can you say that?
’Cause you’re my fucking wife.
There were rules. We agreed.
It’s not like that.
- OK.
Then. explain.
What is it like?
This wasn’t an affair.
I saw you in him.
You saw me in it?
I saw what we’ve lost.
It’s you
that I fell in love with again.
It wasn’t me. Hen.
It wasn’t real.
What I’m feeling is real.
I know what’s real
and what we need.
And what is that?
Is that to take each other
for granted?
No?
No.
Is that to just stay like this?
To just stand still? For what?
We had dreams together. remember?
We can just leave and
we can just get out of here.
- We can do something together.
- My family is buried
out there in the fucking ground!
I can’t throw it all away to
go off on some fucking wander
that proves nothing.
This farm. this house.
this life. it’s us. Hen.
We made it. We should
be fucking proud.
There is nothing out there
for you.
I know that now.
There’s nothing.
Junior.
Junior!
My God!
It’s so beautiful!
Junior. come on!
Look!
Junior.
Come on!
Come on.
Hey. come on.
- Alright.
Come on. Shit!
You OK?
I’m sorry.
Come on.
I’ll help you up. Come on.
No. no. no.
I don’t need your help!
Look at you.
Hen?
Hello?
Little Hen.
It’s so pretty.
It’s OK.
I’m here.
Endings aren’t easy.
Not like beginnings.
But endings can feel alive
and exciting too.
My whole life people have
been telling me what I like.
What I want. What I need.
I had to become
someone different.
Someone else.
Refill?
- Sure.
But now I know.
There is only one of me.
Hello.
What are you doing. little one?
It’s not moving at all.
It’s just sitting there.
What is?
I’ve never seen one before.
Mwah.